Mention that an A.js snippet must be added to each subdomain (#4067)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/index.md

Analytics.js tracks across subdomains out of the box; all Segment destinations fully support this feature.

> You will still need to include the Segment snippet on each subdomain. Segment sets the anonymousId on the top-level domain so that users can be tracked across any subdomains using Segment tracking. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To track activity on your subdomains, include the Segment Analytics.js snippet on each subdomain. Segment sets users' `anonymousId` on the top-level domain, so users are tracked across any subdomains.
```
